README.md, before:

# Kafka Adapter for Pravega

This code is from a proof-of-concept exercise for building an application adapter for migrating existing kafka producer and consumer applications without any material source-code changes. 

This adapter replaces `org.apache.kafka.clients.producer.KafkaProducer` and `org.apache.kafka.clients.consumer.KafkaConsumer` implementations with custom implementations that talk to Pravega instead of Kafka. Kafka producer and consumer applications can be made to talk to Pravega (instead of Kafka), merely by replacing Kafka dependencies in their builds with this adapter, modifying client application configuration, and rebuilding their application.

## How to Build

```
# Building the project
$ ./gradlew build

# Publishing the shadow jar with custom producer and consumer implementations to local maven reo. 
$ ./gradlew publishShadowPublicationToMavenLocal
```

## Usage

Add the following to your dependencies list. Replace the version if necessary. 

```
compile group: "io.pravega.adapters.kafka", name: "kafka-adapter", version: "1.0-SNAPSHOT", classifier: "all"
```

Commit message:

Add commands for code analysis and test coverage
Signed-off-by: Ravi Sharda <ravi.sharda@emc.com>

README.md, after:

# Kafka Adapter for Pravega

This code is from a proof-of-concept exercise for building an application adapter for migrating existing kafka producer and consumer applications without any material source-code changes. 

This adapter replaces `org.apache.kafka.clients.producer.KafkaProducer` and `org.apache.kafka.clients.consumer.KafkaConsumer` implementations with custom implementations that talk to Pravega instead of Kafka. Kafka producer and consumer applications can be made to talk to Pravega (instead of Kafka), merely by replacing Kafka dependencies in their builds with this adapter, modifying client application configuration, and rebuilding their application.

## How to Build

```bash
# Building the project
$ ./gradlew build

# Publishing the shadow jar with custom producer and consumer implementations to local maven reo. 
$ ./gradlew publishShadowPublicationToMavenLocal
```

## Usage

Add the following to your dependencies list. Replace the version if necessary. 

```
compile group: "io.pravega.adapters.kafka", name: "kafka-adapter", version: "1.0-SNAPSHOT", classifier: "all"
```

# Code Analysis and Test Coverage

```bash
# Running Checkstyle
$ ./gradlew checkstyleMain
$ ./gradlew checkstyleTest

# Running Spotbugs
$ ./gradlew spotbugsMain
$ ./gradlew spotbugsTest

# Running all checks
$ ./gradlew check

# Generating unit test coverage report. Output can be found in build/jococoHtml
$ ./gradlew jacocoTestReport

# Seeing other available tasks
$ ./gradlew tasks
```
